#Rationale
**Introduction**
The original idea is to create a prototype language translation web/app that generates random words and receives translations in various languages. The web/app responds to the brief by providing content delivered through the API. Users can select the language they want to translate by clicking on the flags and clicking on words to reveal the translation. As said in the artist statement, the UI is designed to be essential across different web app views and works effectively across different device sizes. The following flag countries I've decided to include are the United States of America, Spain, China, France, Korea, Germany, Italy, Netherlands, Israel, Swedish, Finland, Denmark, India, Thailand, Japan and Brazil as the translated languages are based on the most known languages around the world and the most used, which is English, Spanish, Mandarin, French, Korean, German, Italian, Dutch, Hebrew, Swedish, Finnish, Danish, Hindi, Thai, Japanese and Portuguese. 

**Development Process**
However, the outcome of the final web development changed to a different or somewhat similar concept. The original idea was to create a web app where users can interact with their chosen desires in choosing the language they want by clicking on the country flag of the listening languages. It is also a multiple-group selection as it generates the words in the different languages chosen beforehand.
Thus, the outcome of the web app has changed. I intended to use Google Translate as my API as it is known to be the most reliable translation website to date, but with my little research, google Translate API needed to be purchased. It took more research to find an API translation that was for free instead. Many other translation apps had included free trials for either 14 days or a month but needed to be paid after the trial ended. Therefore, it took a lot of work to find a free API. However, I came across MyMemory API; its only requirement was to sign up to access the API. Hence, I used the MyMemory translation API on this project (https://mymemory.translated.net/doc/spec.php). 
Alternatively, it was planned to generate random words, but I modified it for users to type the words they wanted. 

In developing the web/app, I didn't use any frameworks I planned to use, such as Bootstrap or Tailwind. However, I did use ChatGPT, Codepen and WW3 to develop the website. I mostly used ChatGPT to generate the start of the translation app and thoroughly used it to check if the process was correct and operating correctly. As for Codepen and WW3, they generally were refreshers for me to remember what terms meant for HTML and CSS. I mostly used ChatGPT to write the codes but enhanced the generated codes to be functional. Hence, within the Index.html file, there is my first attempt at creating the flags to be clickable. I let the AI develop the HTML and CSS code to create a usable format. Although it constructed a practical layout, it formed a checkbox list instead, including the country flag and a small square box. The structure was different from what I wanted, so I changed the arrangement. Which was to individually make images out of the flags and make them buttons. By doing that, I screenshot them separately and use the function to respond by clicking on the flags. 

For the homepage, I intended to add the flags, and once hovered, it will show the text of the language/country, but the result does not include it; instead, clicking on the flags, the opacity will dull down. Ideally, I would create the country flags by CSS, but it was more time-consuming. I had tried different code areas to include it, but it didn't work according to plan. Instead, I used the prototype flags from Figma and placed them as click-button images. When using the web/app, I've noticed the functionality where the response of the selected order of the countries flags by pressing them by ordering from top left to right bottom will display the translated version by what was before selected. It also takes time to give feedback when the translated button is pressed. What also didn't go to plan was the pop-up of the language/country name once hovered over the box. There is an attempt within the translated.html where I tried to achieve the output. But instead of putting the flag once hovered for a visual response, I included a change of colour instead. 

To improve the final website, revisit the flag interaction on the homepage. Implement the intended functionality where hovering over the flags reveals the text of the language/country—also, adding the flags to the translated page provides users with a more intuitive and informative experience. Overall, it is a functional and interactive website for users interested in other languages and to be able to translate the word or sentence they type into the text box. 

**Referenece**
W3Schools online web tutorials. (n.d.). https://www.w3schools.com/
ChatGPT. (n.d). https://chat.openai.com/
Codepen. (n.d). https://codepen.io/

